# An-Exploration-of-electricity-consumption-patterns
dashboard public link-https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12txA4e-7Hfb22LxwXDmnknF-GXta7RWg?usp=sharing
story public link-https://recorder.page.link/Best
vedio demonstration link-https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pVHAOm5Z_5mJlEeVTH232l_dXE38W0eB/view?usp=sharing
Report-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Plugging Into The Future: An Exploration Of Electricity Consumption Patterns
Project Description:

India is the world's third-largest producer and third-largest consumer of electricity. The national electric grid in India has an installed capacity of 370.106 GW as of 31 March 2020. Renewable power plants, which also include large hydroelectric plants, constitute 35.86% of India's total installed capacity. During the fiscal year (FY) 2019–20, the total electricity generation in the country was 1,598 TWh, of which 1,383.5 TWh generated by utilities. The gross electricity consumption per capita in FY2019 was 1,208 kWh.

In 2015-16, electric energy consumption in agriculture was recorded as being the highest (17.89%) worldwide. The per capita electricity consumption is low compared to most other countries despite India having a low electricity tariff.

In light of the recent COVID-19 situation, when everyone has been under lockdown for the months of March to June the impacts of the lockdown on economic activities have been faced by every sector in a positive or a negative way.

The dataset is exhaustive in its demonstration of energy consumption state wise.

Analysing Electricity Consumption in India from Jan 2019 till 5th December 2020. This dataset contains a record of Electricity consumption in each states of India, here we are going to analyse State wise , Region wise and Overall Electricity consumption in India.
